boys Optimus Prime
[Music]
I'm Charlie Watson I'm 18
today actually it's the beetle for sale
I want the beetle work here every day
for a year
here's kid
[Music]
happy birthday
who are you
do you speak I want her you know be
music can help you say what you're
feeling
try this
[Music]
let me see if I can fix it and prairie
this message find you our war rages all
are threatening the voice mentioned of
over you're hiding from something
so you have no idea where he came from
no idea
[Applause]
well here's the deal the only person you
can show yourself around is me so let's
say we're driving and all of a sudden
somebody's our ride you serious oh I'm
good now I'm good thanks
there's a war raging on our planet
if this criminal isn't found that war
may find its way the criminal is hiding
on yours our common enemy isn't found
the whole planet
the EU 127 you must protect your earth
itis people
thank you
do not run
she ran
people can be terrible about things they
don't understand so anyone that can help
you or the family Oh
they're calling an army
I've seen firsthand these things really
are
there is only one way to end this war
you must protect birth and its people
this is how we stop down
you've cut me
and I'm not going anywhere
you got people out there we'll need you
this is why you're here be
bumblebee what have you done I am so
screwed
[Music]